feat(icons): DLT-2494 update dialpad logo gradient (#726)
dialpad/dialtone: docs/components/icon.md

    <inbox-icon class="d-icon--size-100" />
    <inbox-icon class="d-icon--size-200" />
    <inbox-icon class="d-icon--size-300" />
    <inbox-icon class="d-icon--size-400" />
    <inbox-icon class="d-icon--size-500" />
    <inbox-icon class="d-icon--size-600" />
    <inbox-icon class="d-icon--size-700" />
    <inbox-icon class="d-icon--size-800" />
  </div>
</code-well-header>

<aside class="d-notice d-notice--info d-mt24 d-wmx100p" role="status" aria-hidden="false">
  <div class="d-notice__icon">
    <svg aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" data-name="Info" class="d-icon d-icon--info" viewBox="0 0 12 12"><g clip-path="url(#a)"><path fill="currentColor" fill-rule="evenodd" d="M6 1.5a4.5 4.5 0 1 0 0 9 4.5 4.5 0 0 0 0-9ZM.5 6a5.5 5.5 0 1 1 11 0 5.5 5.5 0 0 1-11 0Zm5-2a.5.5 0 0 1 .5-.5h.005a.5.5 0 0 1 0 1H6a.5.5 0 0 1-.5-.5ZM6 5.5a.5.5 0 0 1 .5.5v2a.5.5 0 0 1-1 0V6a.5.5 0 0 1 .5-.5Z" clip-rule="evenodd"/></g><defs><clipPath id="a"><path fill="#fff" d="M0 0h12v12H0z"/></clipPath></defs></svg>
  </div>
  <div class="d-notice__content d-stack4">
    <h2 class="d-notice__title">Looking for the previous icon set?</h2>
    <p class="d-notice__message">

>       The older deprecated icon set can still be found at <router-link class="d-link" to="/design/icons/system.html">new Icon component</router-link>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The older deprecated icon set can still be found at the <router-link class="d-link" to="/design/icons/system.html">system Icon page</router-link>
```
